51,"DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE-MILITARY","Department of Defense-Military: With minor exceptions, entire agency is included in this Department of Defense-Military: subfunction. "
53,"ATOMIC ENERGY DEFENSE ACTIVITIES","Atomic energy defense activities: Department of Energy programs devoted to national defense, such as naval ship reactors and nuclear weapons. "
54,"DEFENSE-RELATED ACTIVITIES","Defense-related activities: Miscellaneous defense activities, such as the expenses connected with selective services and with defense stockpiles outside of the Departments of Defense and Energy. Defense-related activities: Defense-related activities "
151,"INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT AND HUMANITARIAN ASSISTANCE","International development and humanitarian assistance: Humanitarian assistance, development assistance, security support assistance, grants to and investments in international financial and development institutions, and the budgetary costs associated with concessionary agricultural exports. "
152,"INTERNATIONAL SECURITY ASSISTANCE","International security assistance: The transfer of defense articles and services to foreign governments, including grants, credit sales, and training. Excludes the military sales trust fund, which is classified under subfunction 155 --international financial programs--. "
153,"CONDUCT OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS","Conduct of foreign affairs: Diplomatic and consular operations of the Department of State, assessed contributions to international organizations, and closely related activities in other agencies --such as the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency--. "
154,"FOREIGN INFORMATION AND EXCHANGE ACTIVITIES","Foreign information and exchange activities: Student and cultural exchange programs and foreign library, radio, or other media information activities designed to promote mutual understanding between the people of the United States and other nations. Foreign information and exchange activities: Foreign information and exchange activities Foreign information and exchange activities: 154 Foreign information and exchange activities: Diplomatic and consular operations of the Department of State, assessed contributions to international organizations, and closely related activities in other agencies --such as the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency--. Foreign information and exchange activities: Conduct of foreign affairs Foreign information and exchange activities: 153 Foreign information and exchange activities: The transfer of defense articles and services to foreign governments, including grants, credit sales, and training. Excludes the military sales trust fund, which is classified under subfunction 155 --international financial programs--. Foreign information and exchange activities: International security assistance "
155,"INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL PROGRAMS","The transfer of defense articles and services to foreign governments, including grants, credit sales, and training. Excludes the military sales trust fund, which is classified under subfunction 155 --international financial programs--.: 153 155	International financial programs: Conduct of foreign affairs The transfer of defense articles and services to foreign governments, including grants, credit sales, and training. Excludes the military sales trust fund, which is classified under subfunction 155 --international financial programs--.: Diplomatic and consular operations of the Department of State, assessed contributions to international organizations, and closely related activities in other agencies --such as the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency--. 155	International financial programs: 154 The transfer of defense articles and services to foreign governments, including grants, credit sales, and training. Excludes the military sales trust fund, which is classified under subfunction 155 --international financial programs--.: Foreign information and exchange activities 155	International financial programs: Student and cultural exchange programs and foreign library, radio, or other media information activities designed to promote mutual understanding between the people of the United States and other nations. The transfer of defense articles and services to foreign governments, including grants, credit sales, and training. Excludes the military sales trust fund, which is classified under subfunction 155 --international financial programs--.: 155	International financial programs "
251,"GENERAL SCIENCE AND BASIC RESEARCH","251	General science and basic research: Conducting the National Science Foundation programs and the general science activities of the Department of Energy. "
252,"SPACE FLIGHT, RESEARCH, AND SUPPORTING ACTIVITIES","252	Space flight, research, and supporting activities: Development and operation of space transportation systems, basic scientific research connected with outer space, research and demonstrations designed to promote "
271,"ENERGY SUPPLY","271	Energy supply: Increasing the supply of energy through the development of domestic resources and systems capable of using them. Includes the costs of research and demonstration of supply systems. "
272,"ENERGY CONSERVATION","272	Energy conservation: Encouraging the prudent use of energy resources. "
274,"EMERGENCY ENERGY PREPAREDNESS","274	Emergency energy preparedness: Developing and maintaining a stockpile of energy resources --currently confined to petroleum-- to meet emergency needs and associated contingency planning activities. "
276,"ENERGY INFORMATION, POLICY, AND REGULATION","276	Energy information, policy, and regulation: Unallocable overhead activities of the Department of Energy plus the costs of energy information and regulation activities. 276	Energy information, policy, and regulation: 276	Energy information, policy, and regulation "
301,"WATER RESOURCES","301	Water resources: Water protection, conservation, irrigation, and related activities, including the total costs of multipurpose water projects where it is not feasible to separate the transportation --navigation-- or energy --power-- segments of these projects. Controlling and reducing air, water, and land pollution, or enhancing the environment. Excludes water resources programs, water treatment plants, and similar programs that are not funded as part of an environmental enhancement activity.: Water protection, conservation, irrigation, and related activities, including the total costs of multipurpose water projects where it is not feasible to separate the transportation --navigation-- or energy --power-- segments of these projects. "
302,"CONSERVATION AND LAND MANAGEMENT","302	Conservation and land management: Maintaining the public domain and national forests, encouraging conservation of private land, and reclaiming surface mining areas. "
303,"RECREATIONAL RESOURCES","303	Recreational resources: Acquisition, improvement, and operation of recreational lands and facilities, including fish, wildlife, and parks; also preserving historic areas. "
304,"POLLUTION CONTROL AND ABATEMENT","304	Pollution control and abatement: Controlling and reducing air, water, and land pollution, or enhancing the environment. Excludes water resources programs, water treatment plants, and similar programs that are not funded as part of an environmental enhancement activity. "
306,"OTHER NATURAL RESOURCES","306	Other natural resources: Miscellaneous natural resources programs, not classified under other subfunctions, such as marine-, earth-, and atmosphere-related research and geological surveys and mapping. 306	Other natural resources: 306	Other natural resources "
351,"FARM INCOME STABILIZATION","351	Farm income stabilization: Subsidies and other payments to stabilize agricultural prices at an equitable level. Includes acquiring and storing agricultural commodity stockpiles, but does not include foreign agricultural export losses --classified in the international affairs function-- or domestic donations of food --part of an income support, rather than a farm price support, program--. Includes the total cash flows of farm price support loans --that is, loans that can be repaid in cash or by surrendering title to the crop used as security for the loan--, which are not subject to credit reform. For all other agricultural loans and loan guarantees, includes either the total cash flows --for pre-1992 loans and loan guarantees-- or the subsidy cost --for loans and loan guarantees subject to credit reform--. "
352,"AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH AND SERVICES","352	Agricultural research and services: All other agricultural programs, such as agricultural research and extension services. 352	Agricultural research and services: 352	Agricultural research and services "
371,"MORTGAGE CREDIT","Mortgage credit: Includes the cash transactions for homeownership and Mortgage credit: related loan and insurance programs for pre-credit reform Mortgage credit: activity; under credit reform, includes the credit subsidy cost of any homeownership loans or guarantees. "
372,"POSTAL SERVICE"," the Postal Service fund and general fund subsidies of that fund.: In general, includes credit and insurance programs; however, if such programs are a means of achieving the basic objectives of another function and are an integral part of the programs of that function, they are classified under the other function. Postal Service: Excludes regional economic development programs, even if they use credit or insurance to achieve a community development objective. Also excludes other insurance or loan programs --such as railroad loans-- that are an integral part of other functions. Any net outlays of the Postal Service included in the budget: 371  the Postal Service fund and general fund subsidies of that fund.: Mortgage credit Postal Service: Includes the cash transactions for homeownership and Any net outlays of the Postal Service included in the budget: related loan and insurance programs for pre-credit reform  the Postal Service fund and general fund subsidies of that fund.: activity; under credit reform, includes the credit subsidy cost of any homeownership loans or guarantees. Postal Service: 372 Any net outlays of the Postal Service included in the budget: Postal Service  the Postal Service fund and general fund subsidies of that fund.: Any net outlays of the Postal Service included in the budget Postal Service: --or off-budget--. "
373,"DEPOSIT INSURANCE","Promotion and regulation of commerce and the housing credit and deposit insurance industries, which pertain to:  collection and dissemination of social and economic data --unless they are an integral part of another function, such as health--; Deposit insurance:  general purpose subsidies to businesses, including credit subsidies to the housing industry --for programs subject to credit reform, includes only the credit subsidy costs of loans and loan guarantees--; and Insurance programs protecting deposits in certain financial institutions; programs to resolve failed institutions. Deposit insurance activities are not subject to credit reform, so the budget records the cash flows for deposit insurance rather than their subsidy values.:  the Postal Service fund and general fund subsidies of that fund. Promotion and regulation of commerce and the housing credit and deposit insurance industries, which pertain to: In general, includes credit and insurance programs; however, if such programs are a means of achieving the basic objectives of another function and are an integral part of the programs of that function, they are classified under the other function. Deposit insurance: Excludes regional economic development programs, even if they use credit or insurance to achieve a community development objective. Also excludes other insurance or loan programs --such as railroad loans-- that are an integral part of other functions. Insurance programs protecting deposits in certain financial institutions; programs to resolve failed institutions. Deposit insurance activities are not subject to credit reform, so the budget records the cash flows for deposit insurance rather than their subsidy values.: 371 Promotion and regulation of commerce and the housing credit and deposit insurance industries, which pertain to: Mortgage credit Deposit insurance: Includes the cash transactions for homeownership and Insurance programs protecting deposits in certain financial institutions; programs to resolve failed institutions. Deposit insurance activities are not subject to credit reform, so the budget records the cash flows for deposit insurance rather than their subsidy values.: related loan and insurance programs for pre-credit reform Promotion and regulation of commerce and the housing credit and deposit insurance industries, which pertain to: activity; under credit reform, includes the credit subsidy cost of any homeownership loans or guarantees. Deposit insurance: 372 Insurance programs protecting deposits in certain financial institutions; programs to resolve failed institutions. Deposit insurance activities are not subject to credit reform, so the budget records the cash flows for deposit insurance rather than their subsidy values.: Postal Service Promotion and regulation of commerce and the housing credit and deposit insurance industries, which pertain to: Any net outlays of the Postal Service included in the budget Deposit insurance: --or off-budget--. Insurance programs protecting deposits in certain financial institutions; programs to resolve failed institutions. Deposit insurance activities are not subject to credit reform, so the budget records the cash flows for deposit insurance rather than their subsidy values.: 373 Promotion and regulation of commerce and the housing credit and deposit insurance industries, which pertain to: Deposit insurance Deposit insurance: Insurance programs protecting deposits in certain financial institutions; programs to resolve failed institutions. Deposit insurance activities are not subject to credit reform, so the budget records the cash flows for deposit insurance rather than their subsidy values. Insurance programs protecting deposits in certain financial institutions; programs to resolve failed institutions. Deposit insurance activities are not subject to credit reform, so the budget records the cash flows for deposit insurance rather than their subsidy values.: Page 133 "
376,"OTHER ADVANCEMENT OF COMMERCE","376	Other advancement of commerce: Loan programs to aid specialized forms of business --such as small business-- that are not included elsewhere in the functional structure. For such transactions undertaken prior to credit reform, includes the total cash flows. For activities under credit reform, includes the credit subsidy cost of the loans or guarantees. Also includes collecting and disseminating economic and demographic statistics --such as census data-- and regulating business. 376	Other advancement of commerce: 376	Other advancement of commerce "
401,"GROUND TRANSPORTATION","401	Ground transportation: Aid, and/or regulation of both for the various components of ground transportation, such as roads and highways, railroads, and urban mass transit. Aid, and/or regulation of both for the various components of ground transportation, such as roads and highways, railroads, and urban mass transit.: Aid, and/or regulation of both for the various components of ground transportation, such as roads and highways, railroads, and urban mass transit. "
402,"AIR TRANSPORTATION","402	Air transportation: Aid for and/or regulation of air transportation, including aeronautical research conducted by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. Aid for and/or regulation of air transportation, including aeronautical research conducted by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.: Aid for and/or regulation of air transportation, including aeronautical research conducted by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. "
403,"WATER TRANSPORTATION","403	Water transportation: Aid for and/or regulation of maritime commerce. "
407,"OTHER TRANSPORTATION"," the construction of roads or other transportation facilities as an integral part of a broad community facility or regional development program where the clear intent of the program is regional development and the provision of transportation facilities is only an incidental by- product or means to attain the objective of regional development; and:  research and technology activities devoted to space research --except aeronautical technology--, even though this research may eventually benefit general transportation. 407	Other transportation: 401	Ground transportation  the construction of roads or other transportation facilities as an integral part of a broad community facility or regional development program where the clear intent of the program is regional development and the provision of transportation facilities is only an incidental by- product or means to attain the objective of regional development; and: Aid, and/or regulation of both for the various components of ground transportation, such as roads and highways, railroads, and urban mass transit. 407	Other transportation: 402	Air transportation  the construction of roads or other transportation facilities as an integral part of a broad community facility or regional development program where the clear intent of the program is regional development and the provision of transportation facilities is only an incidental by- product or means to attain the objective of regional development; and: Aid for and/or regulation of air transportation, including aeronautical research conducted by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. 407	Other transportation: 403	Water transportation  the construction of roads or other transportation facilities as an integral part of a broad community facility or regional development program where the clear intent of the program is regional development and the provision of transportation facilities is only an incidental by- product or means to attain the objective of regional development; and: Aid for and/or regulation of maritime commerce. 407	Other transportation: 407	Other transportation "
451,"COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT","Development of physical facilities or financial infrastructures designed to promote viable community economies. Includes transportation facilities developed as an integral part of a community development program --rather than a transportation program--. Usually excludes aids to businesses unless such aids promote the economic development of depressed areas and are not designed to promote particular lines of business for their own sake. Usually excludes human development and services programs.: 451	Community development 451	Community development: Grants and related programs designed to aid largely urban community development. Includes community development block grants and predecessor activities, such as the urban renewal and model cities programs. These Grants and related programs designed to aid largely urban community development. Includes community development block grants and predecessor activities, such as the urban renewal and model cities programs. These: programs are generally carried out by the Department of Grants, loans, subsidies, and related aids for the economic development of depressed areas. For pre-credit reform loans, includes the total cash flows of the loans; for loans under credit reform, includes the credit subsidy cost of the loans. All these aids are generally for rural areas or are more regional than the community development programs. Area and regional development programs are generally carried out by agencies other than the Department of Housing and Urban Development, such as the Farmers Home Administration, Economic Development Administration, and Bureau of Indian Affairs.: Housing and Urban Development. "
452,"AREA AND REGIONAL DEVELOPMENT","452	Area and regional development: Grants, loans, subsidies, and related aids for the economic development of depressed areas. For pre-credit reform loans, includes the total cash flows of the loans; for loans under credit reform, includes the credit subsidy cost of the loans. All these aids are generally for rural areas or are more regional than the community development programs. Area and regional development programs are generally carried out by agencies other than the Department of Housing and Urban Development, such as the Farmers Home Administration, Economic Development Administration, and Bureau of Indian Affairs. Grants, loans, subsidies, and related aids for the economic development of depressed areas. For pre-credit reform loans, includes the total cash flows of the loans; for loans under credit reform, includes the credit subsidy cost of the loans. All these aids are generally for rural areas or are more regional than the community development programs. Area and regional development programs are generally carried out by agencies other than the Department of Housing and Urban Development, such as the Farmers Home Administration, Economic Development Administration, and Bureau of Indian Affairs.: Grants, loans, subsidies, and related aids for the economic development of depressed areas. For pre-credit reform loans, includes the total cash flows of the loans; for loans under credit reform, includes the credit subsidy cost of the loans. All these aids are generally for rural areas or are more regional than the community development programs. Area and regional development programs are generally carried out by agencies other than the Department of Housing and Urban Development, such as the Farmers Home Administration, Economic Development Administration, and Bureau of Indian Affairs. "
453,"DISASTER RELIEF AND INSURANCE","453	Disaster relief and insurance: Helping communities and families recover from natural disasters. 453	Disaster relief and insurance: 453	Disaster relief and insurance "
501,"ELEMENTARY, SECONDARY, AND VOCATIONAL EDUCATION","Preschool, elementary, secondary, and vocational education programs."
502,"HIGHER EDUCATION","Higher education: College and graduate school programs. "
503,"RESEARCH AND GENERAL EDUCATION AIDS","Research and general education aids: Education research and assistance for the arts, the humanities, educational radio and television, public libraries, and museums. "
504,"TRAINING AND EMPLOYMENT","Training and employment: Job or skill training, employment services and placement, and payments to employers to subsidize employment. "
505,"OTHER LABOR SERVICES","Other labor services: Aids to or regulation of the labor market, including gathering labor statistics and mediation and conciliation services; excludes employment and training programs and occupational safety and health programs. "
506,"SOCIAL SERVICES","500 	Education, Training, Employment, and Social Services: Promoting the extension of knowledge and skills, enhancing employment and employment opportunities, protecting workplace standards, and providing services to the needy. Excludes education or training undertaken as an integral part of the achievement of other functions --such as training military personnel; veterans education, training, and rehabilitation; or training of health workers in a health program--. Nutrition or food service programs funded separately from social services or education are not part of this function-they are classified as income security. Promoting the extension of knowledge and skills, enhancing employment and employment opportunities, protecting workplace standards, and providing services to the needy. Excludes education or training undertaken as an integral part of the achievement of other functions --such as training military personnel; veterans education, training, and rehabilitation; or training of health workers in a health program--. Nutrition or food service programs funded separately from social services or education are not part of this function-they are classified as income security.: Code Social services: Subcode primarily for income support and that are not an integral part of some other function --such as social services block grants--.: 501 500 	Education, Training, Employment, and Social Services: Elementary, secondary, and vocational education Promoting the extension of knowledge and skills, enhancing employment and employment opportunities, protecting workplace standards, and providing services to the needy. Excludes education or training undertaken as an integral part of the achievement of other functions --such as training military personnel; veterans education, training, and rehabilitation; or training of health workers in a health program--. Nutrition or food service programs funded separately from social services or education are not part of this function-they are classified as income security.: Preschool, elementary, secondary, and vocational education Social services: programs. primarily for income support and that are not an integral part of some other function --such as social services block grants--.: 502 500 	Education, Training, Employment, and Social Services: Higher education Promoting the extension of knowledge and skills, enhancing employment and employment opportunities, protecting workplace standards, and providing services to the needy. Excludes education or training undertaken as an integral part of the achievement of other functions --such as training military personnel; veterans education, training, and rehabilitation; or training of health workers in a health program--. Nutrition or food service programs funded separately from social services or education are not part of this function-they are classified as income security.: College and graduate school programs. Social services: 503 primarily for income support and that are not an integral part of some other function --such as social services block grants--.: Research and general education aids 500 	Education, Training, Employment, and Social Services: Education research and assistance for the arts, the humanities, educational radio and television, public libraries, and museums. Promoting the extension of knowledge and skills, enhancing employment and employment opportunities, protecting workplace standards, and providing services to the needy. Excludes education or training undertaken as an integral part of the achievement of other functions --such as training military personnel; veterans education, training, and rehabilitation; or training of health workers in a health program--. Nutrition or food service programs funded separately from social services or education are not part of this function-they are classified as income security.: 504 Social services: Training and employment primarily for income support and that are not an integral part of some other function --such as social services block grants--.: Job or skill training, employment services and placement, and payments to employers to subsidize employment. 500 	Education, Training, Employment, and Social Services: 505 Promoting the extension of knowledge and skills, enhancing employment and employment opportunities, protecting workplace standards, and providing services to the needy. Excludes education or training undertaken as an integral part of the achievement of other functions --such as training military personnel; veterans education, training, and rehabilitation; or training of health workers in a health program--. Nutrition or food service programs funded separately from social services or education are not part of this function-they are classified as income security.: Other labor services Social services: Aids to or regulation of the labor market, including gathering labor statistics and mediation and conciliation services; excludes employment and training programs and occupational safety and health programs. primarily for income support and that are not an integral part of some other function --such as social services block grants--.: 506 500 	Education, Training, Employment, and Social Services: Social services Promoting the extension of knowledge and skills, enhancing employment and employment opportunities, protecting workplace standards, and providing services to the needy. Excludes education or training undertaken as an integral part of the achievement of other functions --such as training military personnel; veterans education, training, and rehabilitation; or training of health workers in a health program--. Nutrition or food service programs funded separately from social services or education are not part of this function-they are classified as income security.: Programs that provide a broad range of services to individuals to help them improve their vocational capabilities --such as vocational rehabilitation-- or family status; services to the poor and elderly that are not Social services: Page 138 "
551,"HEALTH CARE SERVICES","551	Health care services: Medical services to individuals and families, whether such services are provided directly by the federal government or financed through grants, contracts, insurance, or reimbursements. "
552,"HEALTH RESEARCH AND TRAINING","552	Health research and training: All research programs-whether basic or applied-that are financed specifically as health or medical research. Excludes research that is an integral part of other functions --such as biomedical research in the space program--. "
554,"CONSUMER AND OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY","554	Consumer and occupational health and safety: Meat and poultry inspection, food and drug inspection, consumer product safety, and occupational health and safety. 554	Consumer and occupational health and safety: 554	Consumer and occupational health and safety "
571,"MEDICARE","570 	Medicare: Federal hospital insurance and federal supplementary medical insurance, along with general fund subsidies of these funds and associated offsetting receipts. 571	Medicare: 571	Medicare Entire Medicare function.: Federal hospital insurance and federal supplementary medical insurance, along with general fund subsidies of these funds and associated offsetting receipts. "
601,"GENERAL RETIREMENT AND DISABILITY INSURANCE --EXCLUDING SOCIAL SECURITY--","General retirement and disability insurance --excluding Social Security--: Non-needs-tested retirement and disability programs composed mainly of the Railroad Retirement Fund and special benefits for coal miners. Excludes programs specifically restricted to federal employees. "
602,"FEDERAL EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT AND DISABILITY","Federal employee retirement and disability: All funded retirement and disability programs restricted to federal employees. Includes military retirement benefits for all years, not just the years since the military retirement program began as a funded trust fund --1985--. In cases where retirement benefits are not funded --such as in the case of Coast Guard retired pay--, includes the cash benefits Federal employee retirement and disability: where the employees were employed --in the Coast Guard case, transportation--, because otherwise those functions would never be charged for the retirement costs of their employees. "
603,"UNEMPLOYMENT COMPENSATION","Support payments --including associated administrative expenses-- to persons for whom no current service is rendered. Includes retirement, disability, unemployment, welfare, and similar programs, except for Social Security and income security for veterans, which are in other functions. Also includes the Food Stamp, Special Milk, and Child Nutrition programs --whether the benefits are in cash or in kind--; both federal and trust fund unemployment compensation and workers compensation; public assistance cash payments; benefits to the elderly and to coal miners; and low- and moderate-income housing benefits.: Excludes --1-- financial assistance for education, --2-- medical care --whether in cash or in kind--, --3-- subsidies to businesses --such as farm price supports--, and Unemployment compensation: Code Support payments --including associated administrative expenses-- to persons for whom no current service is rendered. Includes retirement, disability, unemployment, welfare, and similar programs, except for Social Security and income security for veterans, which are in other functions. Also includes the Food Stamp, Special Milk, and Child Nutrition programs --whether the benefits are in cash or in kind--; both federal and trust fund unemployment compensation and workers compensation; public assistance cash payments; benefits to the elderly and to coal miners; and low- and moderate-income housing benefits.: Subcode Unemployment compensation: --4-- reimbursement for child care services, even though any Support payments --including associated administrative expenses-- to persons for whom no current service is rendered. Includes retirement, disability, unemployment, welfare, and similar programs, except for Social Security and income security for veterans, which are in other functions. Also includes the Food Stamp, Special Milk, and Child Nutrition programs --whether the benefits are in cash or in kind--; both federal and trust fund unemployment compensation and workers compensation; public assistance cash payments; benefits to the elderly and to coal miners; and low- and moderate-income housing benefits.: of these may end up as income to persons. Also excludes Unemployment compensation: income security programs included in the Social Security function --function 650-- and programs restricted to veterans and their dependents. Support payments --including associated administrative expenses-- to persons for whom no current service is rendered. Includes retirement, disability, unemployment, welfare, and similar programs, except for Social Security and income security for veterans, which are in other functions. Also includes the Food Stamp, Special Milk, and Child Nutrition programs --whether the benefits are in cash or in kind--; both federal and trust fund unemployment compensation and workers compensation; public assistance cash payments; benefits to the elderly and to coal miners; and low- and moderate-income housing benefits.: 601 Unemployment compensation: General retirement and disability insurance --excluding Social Security-- Support payments --including associated administrative expenses-- to persons for whom no current service is rendered. Includes retirement, disability, unemployment, welfare, and similar programs, except for Social Security and income security for veterans, which are in other functions. Also includes the Food Stamp, Special Milk, and Child Nutrition programs --whether the benefits are in cash or in kind--; both federal and trust fund unemployment compensation and workers compensation; public assistance cash payments; benefits to the elderly and to coal miners; and low- and moderate-income housing benefits.: Non-needs-tested retirement and disability programs composed mainly of the Railroad Retirement Fund and special benefits for coal miners. Excludes programs specifically restricted to federal employees. Unemployment compensation: 602 Support payments --including associated administrative expenses-- to persons for whom no current service is rendered. Includes retirement, disability, unemployment, welfare, and similar programs, except for Social Security and income security for veterans, which are in other functions. Also includes the Food Stamp, Special Milk, and Child Nutrition programs --whether the benefits are in cash or in kind--; both federal and trust fund unemployment compensation and workers compensation; public assistance cash payments; benefits to the elderly and to coal miners; and low- and moderate-income housing benefits.: Federal employee retirement and disability Unemployment compensation: All funded retirement and disability programs restricted to federal employees. Includes military retirement benefits for all years, not just the years since the military retirement program began as a funded trust fund --1985--. In cases where retirement benefits are not funded --such as in the case of Coast Guard retired pay--, includes the cash benefits Support payments --including associated administrative expenses-- to persons for whom no current service is rendered. Includes retirement, disability, unemployment, welfare, and similar programs, except for Social Security and income security for veterans, which are in other functions. Also includes the Food Stamp, Special Milk, and Child Nutrition programs --whether the benefits are in cash or in kind--; both federal and trust fund unemployment compensation and workers compensation; public assistance cash payments; benefits to the elderly and to coal miners; and low- and moderate-income housing benefits.: where the employees were employed --in the Coast Guard case, transportation--, because otherwise those functions would never be charged for the retirement costs of their employees. Unemployment compensation: 603 Support payments --including associated administrative expenses-- to persons for whom no current service is rendered. Includes retirement, disability, unemployment, welfare, and similar programs, except for Social Security and income security for veterans, which are in other functions. Also includes the Food Stamp, Special Milk, and Child Nutrition programs --whether the benefits are in cash or in kind--; both federal and trust fund unemployment compensation and workers compensation; public assistance cash payments; benefits to the elderly and to coal miners; and low- and moderate-income housing benefits.: Unemployment compensation Unemployment compensation: Benefits not conditioned by needs tests for unemployed workers. Excludes other benefits --such as food stamps-- that an unemployed person might be eligible for under other programs. "
604,"HOUSING ASSISTANCE","604	Housing assistance: Federal income support and related expenses that are specifically for financing or providing housing for individuals and families. Excludes loans, loan guarantees, or insurance. --The distinction between the housing assistance included in subfunction 604 and the mortgage credit assistance in subfunction 371 is that the subfunction Federal income support and related expenses that are specifically for financing or providing housing for individuals and families. Excludes loans, loan guarantees, or insurance. --The distinction between the housing assistance included in subfunction 604 and the mortgage credit assistance in subfunction 371 is that the subfunction: 604 payments focus on subsidies to increase beneficiaries effective income, whereas the credit subsidies in subfunction 371 are primarily aimed at encouraging the housing industry.-- "
605,"FOOD AND NUTRITION ASSISTANCE","605	Food and nutrition assistance: Providing food or nutritional assistance to individuals and families. "
609,"OTHER INCOME SECURITY","609	Other income security: Income security programs not included in any other subfunction. Primarily either direct payments or grants-in- aid to finance direct payments that constitute cash income to low-income individuals and families. Also includes refugee assistance and both administrative expenses and offsetting collections in the income security function that are not part of any other subfunction. 609	Other income security: 609	Other income security "
651,"SOCIAL SECURITY","650 	Social Security: Federal Old-Age and Survivors and Disability Insurance Trust Funds, along with general fund subsidies of these funds and associated offsetting collections. 651	Social Security: 651	Social Security Includes the entire Social Security function.: Federal Old-Age and Survivors and Disability Insurance Trust Funds, along with general fund subsidies of these funds and associated offsetting collections. "
701,"INCOME SECURITY FOR VETERANS","701	Income security for veterans: Veterans compensation, life insurance, pensions, and burial benefits. "
702,"VETERANS EDUCATION, TRAINING, AND REHABILITATION","702	Veterans education, training, and rehabilitation: Composed primarily of the \G.I. Bill\ readjustment, vocational rehabilitation benefits, and related programs. "
703,"HOSPITAL AND MEDICAL CARE FOR VETERANS","703	Hospital and medical care for veterans: Medical care and research financed by the Department of 703	Hospital and medical care for veterans: Veterans Affairs. "
704,"VETERANS HOUSING","704	Veterans housing: Housing loan and guarantee programs for veterans and dependents. Pre-1992 housing loans and guarantees are recorded on a cash basis, whereas under credit reform --post-1991--, the budget records the credit subsidy cost of the activity. "
705,"OTHER VETERANS BENEFITS AND SERVICES","705	Other veterans benefits and services: Administrative expenses of the Department of Veterans "
751,"FEDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT ACTIVITIES","751	Federal law enforcement activities: The costs of operating the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Customs and Border Protection, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, the Drug Enforcement Administration, and 751	Federal law enforcement activities: police and crime prevention activities in other programs. Also includes the readily identifiable enforcement cost of civil rights activities. "
752,"FEDERAL LITIGATIVE AND JUDICIAL ACTIVITIES","752	Federal litigative and judicial activities: The cost of the judiciary, the cost of prosecution, and federal expenses connected with financing legal defense activities. "
753,"FEDERAL CORRECTIONAL ACTIVITIES","753	Federal correctional activities: Covers the costs of incarceration, supervision, parole, and rehabilitation of federal prisoners. "
754,"CRIMINAL JUSTICE ASSISTANCE","754	Criminal justice assistance: Grants to state and local governments to assist them in operating and improving their law enforcement and justice systems. 754	Criminal justice assistance: 754	Criminal justice assistance "
801,"LEGISLATIVE FUNCTIONS","Legislative functions: Includes most of the legislative branch. However, the Legislative functions: Library of Congress --except the Congressional Research Legislative functions: Service--, the Tax Court, the Government Printing Office --except for congressional printing and binding--, and the Copyright Royalty Tribunal are classified in other subfunctions. "
802,"EXECUTIVE DIRECTION AND MANAGEMENT","Executive direction and management: The Executive Office of the President --unless some major grants or operating programs should be included in the Office--; occasionally some closely related spending outside the Office is included. "
803,"CENTRAL FISCAL OPERATIONS","Central fiscal operations: Covers the general tax collection and fiscal operations of the Department of the Treasury. "
804,"GENERAL PROPERTY AND RECORDS MANAGEMENT","General property and records management: Most of the operations of the General Services Administration --net of reimbursements from other agencies for services rendered--. "
805,"CENTRAL PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT","Central personnel management: Most of the operating costs of the Office of Personnel Management and related agencies --net of reimbursements from other agencies for services rendered--. "
806,"GENERAL PURPOSE FISCAL ASSISTANCE","General overhead cost of the federal government, including legislative and executive activities; provision of central fiscal, personnel, and property activities; and provision of services that cannot reasonably be classified in any other major function. As a rule, all activities reasonably or closely associated with other functions are included in those functions rather than being listed as part of general government. Also includes shared revenues and other general purpose fiscal assistance.: Code 806	General purpose fiscal assistance: Subcode General overhead cost of the federal government, including legislative and executive activities; provision of central fiscal, personnel, and property activities; and provision of services that cannot reasonably be classified in any other major function. As a rule, all activities reasonably or closely associated with other functions are included in those functions rather than being listed as part of general government. Also includes shared revenues and other general purpose fiscal assistance.: 801 806	General purpose fiscal assistance: Legislative functions General overhead cost of the federal government, including legislative and executive activities; provision of central fiscal, personnel, and property activities; and provision of services that cannot reasonably be classified in any other major function. As a rule, all activities reasonably or closely associated with other functions are included in those functions rather than being listed as part of general government. Also includes shared revenues and other general purpose fiscal assistance.: Includes most of the legislative branch. However, the 806	General purpose fiscal assistance: Library of Congress --except the Congressional Research General overhead cost of the federal government, including legislative and executive activities; provision of central fiscal, personnel, and property activities; and provision of services that cannot reasonably be classified in any other major function. As a rule, all activities reasonably or closely associated with other functions are included in those functions rather than being listed as part of general government. Also includes shared revenues and other general purpose fiscal assistance.: Service--, the Tax Court, the Government Printing Office --except for congressional printing and binding--, and the Copyright Royalty Tribunal are classified in other subfunctions. 806	General purpose fiscal assistance: 802 General overhead cost of the federal government, including legislative and executive activities; provision of central fiscal, personnel, and property activities; and provision of services that cannot reasonably be classified in any other major function. As a rule, all activities reasonably or closely associated with other functions are included in those functions rather than being listed as part of general government. Also includes shared revenues and other general purpose fiscal assistance.: Executive direction and management 806	General purpose fiscal assistance: The Executive Office of the President --unless some major grants or operating programs should be included in the Office--; occasionally some closely related spending outside the Office is included. General overhead cost of the federal government, including legislative and executive activities; provision of central fiscal, personnel, and property activities; and provision of services that cannot reasonably be classified in any other major function. As a rule, all activities reasonably or closely associated with other functions are included in those functions rather than being listed as part of general government. Also includes shared revenues and other general purpose fiscal assistance.: 803 806	General purpose fiscal assistance: Central fiscal operations General overhead cost of the federal government, including legislative and executive activities; provision of central fiscal, personnel, and property activities; and provision of services that cannot reasonably be classified in any other major function. As a rule, all activities reasonably or closely associated with other functions are included in those functions rather than being listed as part of general government. Also includes shared revenues and other general purpose fiscal assistance.: Covers the general tax collection and fiscal operations of the Department of the Treasury. 806	General purpose fiscal assistance: 804 General overhead cost of the federal government, including legislative and executive activities; provision of central fiscal, personnel, and property activities; and provision of services that cannot reasonably be classified in any other major function. As a rule, all activities reasonably or closely associated with other functions are included in those functions rather than being listed as part of general government. Also includes shared revenues and other general purpose fiscal assistance.: General property and records management 806	General purpose fiscal assistance: Most of the operations of the General Services Administration --net of reimbursements from other agencies for services rendered--. General overhead cost of the federal government, including legislative and executive activities; provision of central fiscal, personnel, and property activities; and provision of services that cannot reasonably be classified in any other major function. As a rule, all activities reasonably or closely associated with other functions are included in those functions rather than being listed as part of general government. Also includes shared revenues and other general purpose fiscal assistance.: 805 806	General purpose fiscal assistance: Central personnel management General overhead cost of the federal government, including legislative and executive activities; provision of central fiscal, personnel, and property activities; and provision of services that cannot reasonably be classified in any other major function. As a rule, all activities reasonably or closely associated with other functions are included in those functions rather than being listed as part of general government. Also includes shared revenues and other general purpose fiscal assistance.: Most of the operating costs of the Office of Personnel Management and related agencies --net of reimbursements from other agencies for services rendered--. 806	General purpose fiscal assistance: 806	General purpose fiscal assistance General overhead cost of the federal government, including legislative and executive activities; provision of central fiscal, personnel, and property activities; and provision of services that cannot reasonably be classified in any other major function. As a rule, all activities reasonably or closely associated with other functions are included in those functions rather than being listed as part of general government. Also includes shared revenues and other general purpose fiscal assistance.: Federal aid to state, local, and territorial governments that is available for general fiscal support. The transactions of the now discontinued general revenue-sharing program are included in the historical data for this subfunction. Also includes grants for more restricted purposes when the stipulated purposes cross two or more major budgetary functions and the distribution among those functions is at the discretion of the recipient jurisdiction rather than the federal government. Includes payments in lieu of taxes, broad-purpose shared revenues, and the federal payment to the District of Columbia. Excludes payments specifically for community development or social services programs. "
808,"OTHER GENERAL GOVERNMENT","808	Other general government: Miscellaneous other costs, such as federal costs of territorial governments. "
809,"DEDUCTIONS FOR OFFSETTING RECEIPTS","809	Deductions for offsetting receipts: Includes general government function offsetting receipts that are not closely related to any other subfunction in this function. 809	Deductions for offsetting receipts: 809	Deductions for offsetting receipts "
901,"INTEREST ON TREASURY DEBT SECURITIES --GROSS--","Interest on Treasury debt securities --gross--: Outlays for interest on the public debt. --Where this interest is paid to the public, it is on an accrual basis; all other interest outlays in the budget are on a cash basis.-- "
902,"INTEREST RECEIVED BY ON-BUDGET TRUST FUNDS","Interest received by on-budget trust funds: Interfund interest collected by on-budget nonrevolving trust funds. Most of this income derives from outlays included in subfunction 901, but this subfunction also includes offsetting receipts from investments in public debt securities issued by the Federal Financing Bank --FFB--. "
903,"INTEREST RECEIVED BY OFF-BUDGET TRUST FUNDS","Interest received by off-budget trust funds: Interfund interest collected by off-budget nonrevolving trust funds. Normally, all of this income comes from outlays included in subfunction 901. "
908,"OTHER INTEREST","Outlays for interest on the public debt. --Where this interest is paid to the public, it is on an accrual basis; all other interest outlays in the budget are on a cash basis.--: 902 Other interest: Interest received by on-budget trust funds All other interest expenditures and offsetting receipts. The principal expenditure in this subfunction normally is interest on refunds of receipts. Since offsetting interest receipts are included in this subfunction, the subfunction totals are usually negative.: Interfund interest collected by on-budget nonrevolving trust funds. Most of this income derives from outlays included in subfunction 901, but this subfunction also includes offsetting receipts from investments in public debt securities issued by the Federal Financing Bank --FFB--. Outlays for interest on the public debt. --Where this interest is paid to the public, it is on an accrual basis; all other interest outlays in the budget are on a cash basis.--: 903 Other interest: Interest received by off-budget trust funds All other interest expenditures and offsetting receipts. The principal expenditure in this subfunction normally is interest on refunds of receipts. Since offsetting interest receipts are included in this subfunction, the subfunction totals are usually negative.: Interfund interest collected by off-budget nonrevolving trust funds. Normally, all of this income comes from outlays included in subfunction 901. Outlays for interest on the public debt. --Where this interest is paid to the public, it is on an accrual basis; all other interest outlays in the budget are on a cash basis.--: 908 Other interest: Other interest All other interest expenditures and offsetting receipts. The principal expenditure in this subfunction normally is interest on refunds of receipts. Since offsetting interest receipts are included in this subfunction, the subfunction totals are usually negative.: All other interest expenditures and offsetting receipts. The principal expenditure in this subfunction normally is interest on refunds of receipts. Since offsetting interest receipts are included in this subfunction, the subfunction totals are usually negative. "
909,"OTHER INVESTMENT INCOME","909	Other investment income: The actual and estimated earnings on private securities of the Railroad Retirement Investment Trust. The actual year returns include interest, dividends, and capital gains and losses on private equities and other securities. The trusts end-of-year balance reflects the current market value of resources available to the government to finance benefits. 909	Other investment income: 909	Other investment income "
921,"ADJUSTMENT FOR BUDGET CONTROL ACT CAPS --SECURITY--","909	Other investment income: "
924,"ADJUSTMENT FOR BUDGET CONTROL ACT CAPS --NON-SECURITY--","909	Other investment income: "
925,"FUTURE DISASTER COST","909	Other investment income: "
929,"PLACEHOLDER FOR OUTYEAR OCO COSTS","909	Other investment income: "
951,"EMPLOYER SHARE, EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT --ON-BUDGET--","909	Other investment income: "
952,"EMPLOYER SHARE, EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT --OFF-BUDGET--","909	Other investment income: "
953,"RENTS AND ROYALTIES ON THE OUTER CONTINENTAL SHELF","909	Other investment income: "
954,"SALE OF MAJOR ASSETS","909	Other investment income: "
959,"OTHER UNDISTRIBUTED OFFSETTING RECEIPTS","909	Other investment income: "
0,"DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE","The Department of Agriculture provides leadership on food, agriculture, natural resources, and related issues."
0,"DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES","The Department of Health and Human Services protects the health of all Americans and provides essential human services."
0,"DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR","The Department of the Interior manages public lands and minerals, national parks, and wildlife refuges and upholds Federal trust responsibilities to Indian tribes and Native Alaskans. Additionally, Interior is responsible for endangered species conservation and other environmental conservation efforts."
0,"DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE","The Department of Justice works to enforce federal law, to seek just punishment for the guilty, and to ensure the fair and impartial administration of justice."
0,"DEPARTMENT OF LABOR","The Department of Labor administers a variety of federal labor laws to guarantee workers' rights to fair, safe, and healthy working conditions, including minimum hourly wage and overtime pay, protection against employment discrimination, and unemployment insurance."
0,"DEPARTMENT OF STATE","The Department of State advises the President and leads the nation in foreign policy issues. The State Department negotiates treaties and agreements with foreign entities, and represents the United States at the United Nations."
0,"DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY","The Treasury Department manages Federal finances by collecting taxes and paying bills and by managing currency, government accounts and public debt. The Treasury Department also enforces finance and tax laws."
0,"DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION","The mission of the Department of Education is to foster educational excellence and to ensure equal access to educational opportunity for all."
0,"DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY","The Department of Energy manages the United States' nuclear infrastructure and administers the country's energy policy. The Department of Energy also funds scientific research in the field."
0,"DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION","The Department of Transportation is responsible for planning and coordinating federal transportation projects. It also sets safety regulations for all major modes of transportation."
0,"DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY","Formed in 2002 from the combination of 22 departments and agencies, the Department of Homeland Security works to improve the security of the United States. The Department's work includes customs, border, and immigration enforcement; emergency response to natural and manmade disasters; antiterrorism work; and cybersecurity."
0,"DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT","The Department of Housing and Urban Development administers programs that provide housing and community development assistance. The Department also works to ensure fair and equal housing opportunity for all."
0,"OFFICE OF PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT","OPM manages the civil service of the federal government, coordinates recruiting of new government employees, and manages their health insurance and retirement benefits programs. OPM also provides resources for locating student jobs, summer jobs, scholarships, and internships."
0,"SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION","The SBA helps Americans start, build and grow businesses. Through an extensive network of field offices and partnerships the SBA aids, counsels, assists and protects the interests of small business concerns."
0,"DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS","For information about VA medical care or benefits, write, call or visit your nearest VA facility."
0,"ADMINISTRATIVE CONFERENCE OF THE UNITED STATES","The Administrative Conference of the United States is an independent federal agency dedicated to improving federal agency administrative processes and procedures. "
0,"ADVISORY COUNCIL ON HISTORIC PRESERVATION","The Advisory Council on Historic Preservation encourages the preservation of historic properties across the nation."
0,"APPALACHIAN REGIONAL COMMISSION","The Appalachian Regional Commission works for sustainable community and economic development in Appalachia."
0,"CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY","The Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) is an independent US Government agency responsible for providing national security intelligence to senior US policymakers."
0,"COMMISSION ON CIVIL RIGHTS","The U.S. Commission on Civil Rights is an independent, bipartisan agency charged with monitoring federal civil rights enforcement."
0,"COMMITTEE FOR PURCHASE FROM PEOPLE WHO ARE BLIND OR SEVERELY DISABLED","The Committee gives jobs to people who are blind or have other significant disabilities in the manufacture and delivery of products and services to the Federal Government."
0,"CONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION","The Consumer Product Safety Commission works to protect the public from the risks of injury or death from from products that pose a fire, electrical, chemical, or mechanical hazard, or can injure children. "
0,"DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD","The Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board reviews the content and implementation of health and safety standards at Department of Energy Defense Nuclear Facilities. The board also makes recommendations to the President and Secretary of Energy regarding health and safety issues at Defense Nuclear Facilities."
0,"EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY COMMISSION","The EEOC enforces laws that make discrimination illegal in the workplace. The commission oversees all types of work situations including hiring, firing, promotions, harassment, training, wages, and benefits."
0,"FARM CREDIT SYSTEM INSURANCE CORPORATION","The Farm Credit System Insurance Corporation ensures timely payment of interest and principal on Systemwide and consolidated bonds and other obligations issued by Farm Credit System banks."
0,"FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION","FDIC responds to questions about federal deposit insurance coverage and handles complaints and inquiries about FDIC-insured state banks which are not members of the Federal Reserve System."
0,"FEDERAL MARITIME COMMISSION","FMC is the regulatory agency overseeing ocean carriers and certain other entities, operating in the waterborne foreign commerce of the U.S.  FMC assists consumers engaged in disputes with transporting carriers, ocean transportation intermediaries and cruise operators."
0,"FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION","The FTC works for the consumer to prevent fraudulent, deceptive, and unfair business practices in the marketplace and to provide information to help consumers spot, stop, and avoid them. To file a complaint or to get free information on consumer issues, visit the website or call the toll-free number above. The FTC records consumer complaints (Internet, telemarketing, identity theft, and other fraud-related complaints) into the Consumer Sentinel Network, a secure, online database and investigative tool available to hundreds of civil and criminal law enforcement agencies."
0,"NATIONAL ARCHIVES AND RECORDS ADMINISTRATION","The National Archives and Records Administration preserves U.S. government records, manages the Presidential Libraries system, and publishes laws, regulations, Presidential, and other public documents."
0,"NATIONAL COUNCIL ON DISABILITY","The NCD is an independent federal agency making recommendations to the President and Congress on policies affecting Americans with disabilities.  NCD works to empower individuals with disabilities and to promote equal opportunity."
0,"NATIONAL CREDIT UNION ADMINISTRATION","NCUA is the federal agency that charters and supervises federal credit unions and insures savings in federal and most state-chartered credit unions across the country through the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund."
0,"NATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE HUMANITIES","The National Endowment for the Humanities funds humanities programs in the United States such as museums, archives, libraries, colleges, universities, public television, and radio stations, and individual scholars."
0,"NUCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION","Contact US"
0,"CHEMICAL SAFETY AND HAZARD INVESTIGATION BOARD","The Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board investigates industrial chemical accidents."
0,"COURT SERVICES AND OFFENDER SUPERVISION AGENCY FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA","The Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency provides supervision of adults on parole, probation, and supervised release in the District of Columbia."
0,"PRESIDIO TRUST","The Presidio Trust preserves the Presidio National Park as an enduring resource for the American people."
0,"DENALI COMMISSION","The Denali Commission is an independent federal agency designed to provide critical utilities, infrastructure, and economic support throughout Alaska."
0,"BROADCASTING BOARD OF GOVERNORS","The Broadcasting Board of Governors broadcasts news and information about the United States and the world to audiences abroad."
0,"FEDERAL HOUSING FINANCE AGENCY","The Federal Housing Finance Agency provides supervision, regulation, and housing mission oversight of Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and the Federal Home Loan Banks."
0,"BUREAU OF CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION","The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau makes markets for consumer financial products and services work for Americans &#151; whether they are applying for a mortgage, choosing among credit cards, or using any number of other consumer financial products."
0,"SENATE","The U.S. Senate and the U.S. House of Representatives make up the two chambers of Congress.  The Senate has 100 members, 2 from each state, who are elected to serve for a term of 6 years."
0,"HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES","The U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate make up the two chambers of Congress. The House has 435 members, the number representing each state is determined by population."
0,"OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE","The Office of Compliance advances workplace rights, safety, health, and accessibility in the Legislative Branch."
0,"CAPITOL POLICE","U.S. Capitol Police Officers work to protect life and property, investigate criminal acts, and enforce traffic regulations on U.S. Capitol Grounds. Officers are also responsible for protecting members, officers of Congress, and their families. "
0,"CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE","The Congressional Budget Office produces independent, nonpartisan, analysis of economic and budgetary issues to support the Congressional budget process."
0,"ARCHITECT OF THE CAPITOL","The Architect of the Capitol manages and maintains the U.S. Capitol, the Capitol Visitor Center, the Senate Office Buildings, the House Office Buildings, the Supreme Court Building, the Library of Congress, the U.S. Botanic Garden, and the Capitol Grounds"
0,"BOTANIC GARDEN","The Botanic Garden is a living plant museum that educates visitors about the importance of plants to the well-being of humans, and to Earths fragile ecosystems."
0,"ECONOMIC RESEARCH SERVICE","The Economic Research Service provides the Department of Agriculture and the public economic information and research on food, agriculture, the environment and rural development."
0,"AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH SERVICE","The Agricultural Research Service works to find solutions to agricultural problems."
0,"NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF FOOD AND AGRICULTURE","To find your local Cooperative Extension office, consult the county government listings in your local telephone directory."
0,"ANIMAL AND PLANT HEALTH INSPECTION SERVICE","The Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service protects and promotes U.S. agricultural health, regulates genetically engineered organisms, administers the Animal Welfare Act, and manages wildlife damage. "
0,"AGRICULTURAL MARKETING SERVICE","The Agricultural Marketing Service supports the fair marketing of U.S. agricultural products."
0,"FOOD AND NUTRITION SERVICE","FNS provides children and low-income people access to food, a healthful diet, and nutrition education."
0,"ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT ADMINISTRATION","The Economic Development Administration provides grants to economically distressed communities to generate new employment, and stimulate industrial and commercial growth."
0,"BUREAU OF THE CENSUS","The U.S. Census Bureau provides data about the nation's people and economy."
0,"BUREAU OF INDUSTRY AND SECURITY","The Bureau of Industry and Security promotes the Nations economic development and technological advancement by ensuring an effective export control and treaty compliance system."
0,"FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION","The FDA is responsible for protecting the public health by assuring the safety, efficacy, and security of human and veterinary drugs, biological products, medical devices, our nations food supply, cosmetics, and products that emit radiation. The FDA also provides accurate, science-based health information to the public."
0,"CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND PREVENTION","CDC collaborates to create the expertise, information, and tools that people and communities need to protect their health through health promotion, prevention of disease, injury and disability, and preparedness for new health threats."
0,"NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH","The National Institutes of Health (NIH) is the primary Federal agency for conducting and supporting medical research."
0,"AGENCY FOR HEALTHCARE RESEARCH AND QUALITY","The Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality supports research to improve the quality, safety, efficiency, and effectiveness of health care for all Americans."
0,"ADMINISTRATION ON AGING","AoA is the Federal focal point and advocate agency for older persons and their concerns. In this role, AoA works to heighten awareness among other Federal agencies, organizations, groups, and the public about the valuable contributions that older Americans make to the nation. AoA also alerts others to the needs of vulnerable older people. Through information, referral and outreach efforts at the community level, AoA seeks to educate older people and their caregivers about the benefits and services available to help them."
0,"BUREAU OF LAND MANAGEMENT","The Bureau of Land Management manages outdoor recreation, livestock grazing, mineral development, and energy production on public lands."
0,"BUREAU OF RECLAMATION","The Bureau of Reclamation is a provider of wholesale water, and hydroelectric power in the U.S. "
0,"DRUG ENFORCEMENT ADMINISTRATION","The Drug Enforcement Administration enforces the United States' controlled substance laws and regulations and aims to reduce the supply of and demand for such substances."
0,"EMPLOYMENT AND TRAINING ADMINISTRATION","The Employment and Training Administration provides job training and assistance with finding jobs and careers."
0,"EMPLOYEE BENEFITS SECURITY ADMINISTRATION","The EBSA provides information and assistance on private sector, employer-sponsored retirement benefit and health benefit plans."
0,"OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH ADMINISTRATION","OSHA to ensures safe and healthful working conditions for working men and women by setting and enforcing standards and by providing training, outreach, education and assistance."
0,"BUREAU OF LABOR STATISTICS","The Bureau of Labor Statistics measures labor market activity, working conditions, and price changes in the economy."
0,"ALCOHOL AND TOBACCO TAX AND TRADE BUREAU","The Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau collects taxes and enforces regulations on alcohol, tobacco, firearms, and ammunition."
0,"UNITED STATES MINT","The Mint produces the the coins that circulate throughout the US. They also produce special edition coinage that can be purchased for coin collections."
0,"INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE","Free tax help is available from the Internal Revenue Service at www.IRS.gov 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Numerous on-line applications, resources and taxpayer assistance services are available. Learn about electronic filing options, look up the status of your refund, print tax forms and instructions, look for preparers who can electronically file tax returns and find ways to connect with the IRS through New Media. If your personal tax questions require face-to-face assistance may visit the Taxpayer Assistance Centers closest to you. Locations are listed on IRS.gov."
0,"OFFICE OF ELEMENTARY AND SECONDARY EDUCATION","A part of the Department of Education, the Office of Elementary and Secondary Education works to bolster the achievement of students in preschool through secondary school. The office also works to ensure equal education opportunities for all, and to provide assistance to state and local schools. (Contact information is for the Department of Education)."
0,"OFFICE OF SPECIAL EDUCATION AND REHABILITATIVE SERVICES","OSERS provides a wide array of supports to parents and individuals, school districts and states in three main areas: special education, vocational rehabilitation and research."
0,"OFFICE OF VOCATIONAL AND ADULT EDUCATION","OVAE administers and coordinates programs that are related to adult education and literacy, career and technical education, and community colleges."
0,"OFFICE OF POSTSECONDARY EDUCATION","OPE develops programs to increase access to postsecondary education. This office works with state accreditation agencies to recognize institutions of higher learning that provide quality education."
0,"FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION","The FAA works to ensure that all air travel is safe."
0,"FEDERAL MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY ADMINISTRATION","The FMCSA provides information about your rights when moving across state lines (interstate moves). Consumers should submit household goods commercial complaints or dangerous safety violations involving a commercial truck or bus to this agency."
0,"NATIONAL HIGHWAY TRAFFIC SAFETY ADMINISTRATION","NHTSA wants to hear from consumers regarding potential defects in their cars.  NHTSAs hotline has information on safety recalls; crash test ratings; child safety seats; bicycles; air bags; and impaired driving prevention."
0,"TRANSPORTATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION","The TSA can assist you with questions or concerns about travel tips, permitted and prohibited items, and information on filing a claim for items that were damaged or lost during a TSA screening."
0,"FEDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGENCY","FEMA supports citizens and emergency personnel to build, sustain, and improve the nations capability to prepare for, protect against, respond to, recover from, and mitigate all hazards."
0,"COMMUNITY PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT","The Office of Community Planning and Development develops communities by promoting decent housing, suitable living environments, and expanded economic opportunities for low and moderate income people. "
0,"VETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRATION","VHA serves the needs of Americas veterans by providing primary care, specialized care, and related medical and social support services."
0,"OVERSEAS PRIVATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION","The Overseas Private Investment Corporation works with the U.S. private sector to help solve critical world challenges."
0,"AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT FOUNDATION","The African Development Foundation provides grants to community groups and small enterprises that benefit under-served and marginalized groups in Africa."
0,"AMERICAN BATTLE MONUMENTS COMMISSION","The American Battle Monuments Commission manages 24 overseas military cemeteries, and 25 memorials, monuments, and markers. Nearly all the cemeteries and memorials honor those who served in World War I or World War II."
0,"ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME","The Gulfport and Washington campuses of the Armed Forces Retirement Home are retirement centers for veterans of the U.S. military."
